Add "before you start" page (#205)
openfisca/openfisca-doc: source/index.md

* **For developers**: OpenFisca allows you to easily create web applications based on your simulation results, thanks to the web API. You can build a great variety of other services by coding formulas, hosting your own instance or building your own extensions.
* **For public administrations**: OpenFisca allows you to stop building your micro-simulation software and tax & benefit calculators on your own. Instead, contribute to OpenFisca, collaborate with other administrations and reduce the bill for the taxpayer.

## How does OpenFisca work?

### 1 - Choose an available tax & benefit system or roll your own:

With OpenFisca, you can:
* Use an existing tax & benefit system (see the [list of systems already built](https://openfisca.org/en/countries/) )
* [Build a new tax & benefit system](key-concepts/tax_and_benefit_system.html) if it doesn’t exist already
* [Contribute](/contribute/) to an existing system by adding or improving elements of the legislation

How to turn legal code into Python code?

* First, identify some legislation that can be expressed as an arithmetic operation

> * More tech than legislation savvy? Take a look at some [recipes](/coding-the-legislation/10_basic_example.html) to easily communicate with expert of the law.

Reviewer: I don't think the referenced section is about "recipes to communicate with expert of the law". It actually matches the next bullet more accurately.

Author: you're right, it's a content that doesn't really exist so far so we put the closest section. next step is to ask contributors to describe strategy they used to work with law experts.

Reviewer: I'm nost sure we should advertise something that doesn't exist yet. As a developper in charge of writing formulas, I would follow that link hoping to find tips to communicate with law experts, and be confused and frustrated as I'm  not going to find any of this on the references page.

I'd remove this line and re-introduce it once we have the content.

> * Then, try to translate them into [formulas, variables, parameters, etc.](/key-concepts/variables.html)

Reviewer: Translating laws into OpenFisca variables and parameters is actually the topic of the "From law to code" section. 

What about:

```suggestion
* Then, try to translate them into [formulas, variables, parameters, etc.](/coding-the-legislation/10_basic_example.html)
```

?
